Update microsoft-365-scenarios.md (#4331)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/solutions/microsoft-365-scenarios.md

- [Word](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/word). Create documents and improve your writing with built-in intelligent features.
- [Excel](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/excel). Simplify complex data and create easy-to-read spreadsheets.

> - [Microsoft Graph] (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/integration-patterns-overview). Learn about integration patterns that you can apply to solutions that you can build using Microsoft Graph. 

Reviewer: <https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/products-apps-services> doesn't list this as an app or service of M365.  The list in this doc is preceded with: "Microsoft 365 is a suite of apps that help you stay connected and get things done. It includes these tools:"

Instead of adding it here, can instead you add it right below this list as a standalone sentence saying something like "API access to Microsoft 365 apps and services is facilitated through [Microsoft Graph](/graph/integration-patterns-overview).

> - [Microsoft Graph] (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/integration-patterns-overview). Integration patterns span transactional and enhanced RESTful APIs, bulk data export, event-driven and streaming integration, and connectors, enabling versatile data management in the Microsoft 365 ecosystem. 

Author: ```suggestion
- [Microsoft Graph] (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/integration-patterns-overview). Learn about integration patterns that you can apply to solutions that you can build using Microsoft Graph. 
```

- [Publisher](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/publisher). Create professional layouts and publish content in a way that suits your audience.
- [Intune](https://www.microsoft.com/security/business/microsoft-endpoint-manager). Secure, deploy, and manage all users, apps, and devices without disrupting your processes.

> API access to Microsoft 365 apps and services is facilitated through [Microsoft Graph](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/integration-patterns-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API access to Microsoft 365 apps and services is facilitated through [Microsoft Graph](/graph/integration-patterns-overview).
```
